Display name doc improvement (#407)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/metrics.mdx

Metric can have a few properties:

- a `string_key` which devices and APIs can use to identify the Metric

> - a `display_name` which will be used as a custom name across
>   [Charts](/docs/platform/charts), [Alerts](/docs/platform/alerts) and Device
>   Timeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a `display_name` (usually same as `string_key`) which will be used as a name across
  [Charts](/docs/platform/charts), [Alerts](/docs/platform/alerts) and Device
  Timeline
```
